Do I need to hang on?
I've. I press continue. OK,
perfect. OK, so these are the
instructions for our graphic
novels. So you are going to look
at a series of pictures that
tell a story. Imagine you are
telling the story to someone who
cannot see the pictures.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story.
This story is about 30 pages
long and in terms of level of
detail, please try to take
roughly 10 to 15 minutes to tell
each story. So as you feel that
you're done describing 1 slide,
you could tell me to move on and
I will continue the slide show
like flipping a page.
And now I will share.
The slideshow.
Am I telling this story to
someone with aphasia, or to a
child, or to a doesn't it
matter? You're just telling the
story to me.
And it's loading.
Slowly. Slowly.
Just gonna X out of some of the
forms, that way it loads a
little fast.
tabs open at the moment as
well.
Gonna try.
Open.
Maybe if I tried downloading
it, Yep, OK. If I download them
they work I think.
OK, perfect. I found I've got
it. I'm going to share the
PowerPoint.
And I am going to.
Make it my full screen.
Slideshow play from start OK
so.
You could describe just what you
see, and then when you're ready
you could tell me when to move
on so.
So go you're saying it's OK
whenever, whenever you're ready,
you could start talking about
it.
#START_wanderer What seems to be
a.
It could be a child, and I mean
it looks very strange. Creature
with some sort of demon wearing
a unit or someone wearing a
Wearing a Halloween costume and
they're either very small or
they've got a very large piece
of paper and they're doing an
origami
Folding exercise that is either
a hat or it ends up with
transpires that it's a.
Boat like a like a a like like a
yacht made out of paper.
And that unfolded a series of.
Scenarios from from from one
piece of paper, then it ends up
being felt in the shape of a
boat, and then we see that
sailing in the distance on the
on a distant horizon, being
followed by a giant.
Sailing ship, that's a bit with
with a, with a, with a with a
submarine attached underneath it
under the water line. It's got a
propeller, but it seems to be
wind powered as well and it's
got a sort of a castle on the
back end of the ship. It's a bit
a bit fabulous and they they may
well be chasing the paper, the
paper boat that has just been
made. I can't see any people on
the paper boat.
But.
I don't see any people on the
big ship either. Yes I can.
Small people in the big ship
following the paper boat.
I think that's about all I can
say about it.
Well, here we go.
We have, we still have the paper
boat that floats on the sea, but
nobody in it but they whole
flock of birds.
The larger one on the front is a
Gannett, it seems to be, and the
ones behind it all could be,
could be terns, I don't know.
And there's 12345678910 of
those.
And the boat may be following
the birds as they flow from fly
from bottom left to top right of
the screen on an otherwise empty
ocean.
terns. I've got forked tails.
Here they are terns.
Back to the paper boat and we
got to the birds sitting on the
edge of it, some flying above,
and there's nobody on the boat,
but there are two or two
turtles, Harlequin turtles
trying to, trying to climb
aboard.
And that's on the left hand
picture.
Three turtles, I apologize.
They're they're a bit, they're a
bit.
Artistic rather than, rather
than representative.
And the next screenshot again
shows this small paper boat. No
turtles.
And what is possibly a giant
whale is preaching alongside it
with lots of bubbles.
Again, turn the page next, the
next page of the book and it's.
A double page as well we gotta.
Is it a sailfish?
Perhaps that's Harpoon is going
to like a like a novel the big
big big pointy beak at the front
who speared 2 smaller fish. The
big spotty whale is there with
the paper boat on top of its
dorsal fin. Out of the water,
the whale and the fish are
underwater, and then there's a
reef heavily populated with.
Fish and.
Oh, what are they called?
Reef reef. Reef creatures. Lots
and lots of small fish going in
and out of the crevices,
oblivious to the boat above.
Yeah, all right.
Bull Reef now again a double
page spread. Lots and lots and
lots of fish.
Small paper boat is still afloat
about it all.
Below we have a selection of
stripey and spotted and.
All all manner of different
shapes and sizes of small fish.
And.
And coral. Coral was the word I
couldn't recall little minute
ago. The coral reef.
That's I can't think of anything
else. Let me go.
Now we got two boats it seems,
unless it's it seems to be a
double page spreads, there's
lots of little fish, so we see
these.
This seemed to be the same scene
we got the original paper about.
With.
Squid climbing aboard it. Lots
of stripey fish. Couple fish
kissing each other by the coral
reef.
And the next page over.
Is either another boat or the
same boat. Now it has a fishing
rod over the side. There's
actually caught a fish doesn't
show who's who's.
Who's using the fishing rod?
Maybe it's a squid that climbed
aboard?
But below that you have maybe a
shark.
And lots of small stripey or
spotty feature different sizes.
One's been caught by the angler.
Doesn't look too happy about it.
Is it?
Next one needs 2 2 2 images 1
the boat.
Has no angular or people aboard.
Below it is the coral reef.
Well to stripey fishes of
different sizes, one fish is
jumping out of the water with
possibly a Harlequin Sea horse
on top of it.  in turn wearing a
paper hat that is similar to the
paper boat.
No people.
The next screen shows a manta
ray with a not too smiley face
Number of number of rays all of
the.
And the spotty 1.
Well, the are the worms or coral
creatures all that have big heap
underneath the boat. And indeed
the Harlequin seahorse has
climbed aboard. And there's a.
Tentacle or a large worm
climbing on board the paper boat
as well.
There's lots lots going on in
this image.
The tree.
Possibly on a pond or a small
lake.
It does have waves that could be
a whole island in the ocean. I
expect trees full of birds maybe
there.
Just to show what the birds are,
to be honest.
It could be flamingos, perhaps.
It's black and white, so I don't
know what color they are. {It
looks like one of my tree of I
can see there's my office
window. We have a tree full of
cattle egrets at the moment, but
anyway} this is but there's
there's little plants in the
water so it could be a pond
rather than the ocean, and a
score or more of birds in the
tree.
And and an empty boat. oh the
boat.
Still has the Harlequin.
Seahorse aborted, but no people
and no anglers and we don't see
under the water this time now.
Under, under and above the
water. So we're looking at the
tree and also we're looking at
the roots underneath the tree.
And we have the plants growing
up out of the ocean.
Or pond above above the water
line, where the paper bloaters,
Bloaters now floating with the
harder Quincy horse. That's what
it is.
And the flamingos, I don't think
they are flamingos. Don't know
what they are, some sort of
fatuous beast. And there are
lots of different varieties of
fish and starfish underneath and
stripes and spots and the Shoal
of small fish.
Meandering in and out of the
reeds.
Nothing floating above the on
the ocean the other than the
paper, the paper boat.
Here we are now looking.
From a little to say, it looks
like the.
OK. I think we're above the
water line now and we're seeing
into the Grove of trees or
plants that have grown up out of
the water. But it looks like
there is some fish in the tree
as well as some birds.
They've all got luminescent eyes
and the.
Paper boat is afloat with the.
Harlequin seahorse upon it, and
there are some hands appearing
out of the.
Out of the dimness.
Which might be something similar
to some sort of reptilian
creature.
Or maybe not. We can't see the
body of the thing, just the
hands.
A bit like a mangrove swamp, it
seems to be.
Little bit spooky.
The double page spread with two
boats. One has the Harlequin
seahorse on it. The other one,
the seahorse, jumped off the
boat and lost his paper hat.
It could be two different
images. I'm not sure whether
it's one combined or two
separate.
There's a.
Seahorse loves the stripey fish.
Lots of coral growth.
A Moray eagle is in the.
2.
oh and a lobster. There's a
lobster there with with.
Maybe a speculative seahorse
riding in the back of a lobster?
#END_wanderer Yeah.
Perfect. Who's the artist?
Actually not sure this is a
book called The Wanderer so.
Whoever wrote the wanderer?
Edward Lear, who looks a bit
like that.
I know the the pictures are
really beautiful snow.
I'm going to pull up the next
one.
Was that the sort of thing you
wanted? I don't know. I just
just rambling on, just babbling
on, really telling a story
because I couldn't.
We did a good job. Some of them
will be easier to tell stories
than other ones. OK, we just
give that prompt because we're
just trying to see how you
describe things and.
I think you did a great job,
OK?
And now I'm going to pull up
your next one.
Oh here I forgot I have to
open.
Or download it.
OK, so this is going to be our
next one. This one is fairly
short.
Can you see my screen? Yes, yes.
The yes. Perfect. OK, I'm going
to play this one start.
We ready? Yes, we are ready. And
this is also a story.
#START_arrival_2 OK, let's go
all the story. OK, we we're
going to series of dozen small
pictures on the left hand side.
And then a larger image on the
right side from the left you've
got.
Possibly three women'Middle
Eastern attire and then three
men wearing flat caps. So.
I expect they're waiting to
board a ship. There's one woman
carrying an infant.
Maybe the?
Irish immigrants have last 19th
century coming to America,
perhaps.
Lots of luggage around, and one
fellow's keeping a journal, and
he's ripping a page out of that
journal and making a paper boat.
No, he's not. He's making a
paper origami bird and he's a.
He's got a shirt with no tie in
a hat and he's made this folded.
But which may or may not be a
Flamingo like the other ones,
probably not. We got him there
on the next page wearing his
hat, and he's got.
It still doesn't have a tie on,
but he's got his collar buttoned
wearing his suit.
And presumably he's let the bird
free, and he's now looking up
with his hand shielding his eyes
as he watches the bird
disappear. And the larger
picture below that shows the
crowded deck of a.
Crew of of of of a ship.
Yeah, and and and overflying the
ship are scores of the similar
paper birds flying around in a
small flock. Not everybody's
paying any attention to them.
I don't see whether anybody is.
No one seems to be paying any
attention. One person is
pointing at them, but the rest
of the big N two people are
pointing at them.
With the long tailed.
Fabulous small birds flying
around above this this the deck
of the ship.
Which may or may not be full of
immigrants.
Oh, here we go there. Arriving
at the promised land, which
looks pretty Gray and Gray. The
images are like Victorian
postcards of the time, which
made me think of people coming
to America. But then so crowded
deck, lots of ships in the
harbor, small ships in the
harbour, coming into a city full
of.
High rise?
Buildings with lots of birds
flying above them. The next
screen.
As two fabulous statues, perhaps
at the entrance to the middle of
the harbour with the Steamboat.
And marker boys mocking the
channel of the largest theme. It
should should pass people
looking over the railings that
where they're going to
disembark.
And to I'm assuming those
statues that may not be, they
may be real giant eagle with.
On boats with large containers,
a large teapot which seems to be
bigger than the steamer ship.
And the shaking hands left
handedly.
One's got a.
Crawl through the rabbit and the
and a monkey sitting on his arm
and they're wearing funny hats.
Ones got to like a Faiz hat and
the ones got a pointy hat.
Fellow with the pointy hats got
a bird on his shoulder, maybe a
parrot or some sort.
With large cityscape behind it,
all in sepia tones, like a
Victorian postcard.
And here we got the Titanic
coming into dock.
But we're not going to do it,
say setting sail and unlikely,
adopting it as the Titanic, lots
of other clouds or smoke from
the steam engines.
Coming in to all the boys that
were presumably is coming into.
It's the view from the.
City side looking at the boat
approaching and then we see
again the people on the boat
getting ready to disembark as a
member of the top hat and a
megaphone, presumably giving
instructions of where to go,
someones opening the gates.
And fellow with his suitcase in
his hand and a family with a
child and their belongings.
Coming down the gangplank and
then.
Either for
gathering or processing towards
the the next stage, the boat at
the final picture is is moored.
So they've landed and now
they're disembarking in the new
the new the new location. #END_arrival_2
OK, perfect. So going to.
Pull up our next one.
OK, let's see what we have next.
OK.
Poop.
Download.
And download.
And I'm going to share my
screen again.
Alright, and I need to play from
start once again. This is also a
short story, so just tell me
when to flip.
Tell tell you what? Sorry. Just
tell me when to switch the
screen. Ohh. OK, hold on.
We'll, we'll, we'll
we'll move on. OK. #START_quest There's 2
pages of a book. It's in color.
This time it looks brighter.
There are some words on it, but
they're too small to read it,
says for Darcy.
Oh, that's just copyright
information. And it shows I
expect it's a City Park.
Whether it's Central Park or
not, I don't know. And the
statue of the.
Winged Roman Gladiator Centurion
type person.
Holding something in his hand, I
can't see what it is, and trees
are almost bare of leaves, so
it's either autumn or.
spring there's a lamp post. I
can't see what sort of lamp it
is atop it.
Shooting in the Gaslamp,
perhaps, and a park bench. And a
waste paper basket.
And then the next group which is
in color shows.
What's a bridge, which I think
is a continuation of the first
picture. We see more of that
now. It's a it's a bridge and
they're underneath the bridge.
Sheltering from the rain, and
then you see the rain splashing
in the puddles.
The.
There's the age of a statue,
another statue.
Which might be a mermaid. It's
got a tail. There's either
something and a fish, or it's a
mermaid and a small bird like a
great tit sitting on the on
this, on, on, on the hand, but
two children.
Sheltering under the bridges of
there's a tandem bicycle that
they presumably arrived upon,
and the park bench and the.
A statue all like, almost.
Skinny Buddha statue.
But there's an interesting door,
interestingly shaped to door and
carvings around it, and when an
electric light above them. So
it's.
And two gas lights and the park
bench.
So I think that's I think, I
think it's, I think it's a City
Park in the rain, so bring on
the bridge.
And I expect one of the children
is looking is eyeing sideways
the door that it's standing next
to. So maybe, maybe the next
page will move, we will go
through the door into the the
next thing.
And would you like me to flip
the pages, please? Yeah.
There you go. They haven't gone
in through the door, but a
wizard has come out through the
door with a purple.
Fabulous bird.
And the wizard is showing the
children a.
Parchment which might be a map
or symbols on it.
And the children are shocked and
have fallen down the the the
more contemporary children
because they got T-shirts and
shorts, so they're not Victorian
at all.
The the wizard is looking a
little stern at them, and the
the the doorway, the the the the
the carvings above the door.
Seems to be an octopus of some
sort.
And children, very shocked, once
full, and then the ones about to
fall down. There was, it looks a
bit like Dumbledore's Cloak, a
long beard.
And so the next page.
We have three scenes the.
Wizard is showing the parchment
to one of the children and
pointing at it, so he's and the
bird is now sitting on the
child's shoulder while the other
child is being.
Held on the shoulder by the
wizard and they they seemed to
be. He doesn't seem to be
crossed this time. I think he's
instructing them on what to do
next.
And then the next.
Seen shows 2.
Hmm. Middle Ages.
Guards with Spears coming out
through the doorway and and
apprehending the wizard. The
Purple Bird has flown away.
The wizard is let go of what
might be a small wand or a looks
a bit like a stick of dynamite.
I'm sure it doesn't and the
children are shocked with the
Wizards being taken away by the
guards the children are left
behind with.
The role that parchment and.
Two sticks, which will
presumably have some purpose
later, and the purple bird is
stayed with them. The the wizard
doesn't seem too unhappy to be
taken away, and he's he's waving
to the children, I think.
We are either waving goodbye or.
Waving for for them to help him,
I don't know.
Yeah. On the next one. Getting
interesting there, yeah.
{Do we skip one then, or did we
go? Is that the next one?}
{There we go. Oh, did you? Oh,
this one?}
{Yeah. This is this. Is this the
next one? Yeah, because you just
did the. Yeah.}
So the doors are closed, the
Wizard's being taken back
inside. The children are left
outside. The Boy child has the
purple bird on its shoulder.
The girl child is gonna
bandolier with rolled up
parchment perhaps in in the in
the cartridge pouches.
And looking at each other
questioningly as the boys got a
purple.
I was shooting parchment in his
left hand and a larger which
might be a map on his right
hand, and the purple bird is
looking down from his shoulder
to see.
What's going on? The next page
we've got 3 little scenes.
And the children are.
They seem to have found
themselves a set of keys. Don't
know where they came from,
whether they were rolled up in
the parchment or not entirely
sure, but they've now each got a
key they seem to be quite happy
about this.
And they use it they they need
the two keys to open the door.
They've opened the door and
they're going in that some speed
and the purple bird with the
long tail is is following them
in through the in through the
door that the wizard was, was,
was, was captured and taken back
into.
Next.
Whether this is the other side
of the door or not, I'm just. I
don't know. But now, in a, in a,
in a.
It was like a castle with a Moat
and a waterfall.
The two children were there.
Appearing behind a rock.
The body of the Purple Body
Shield, and they're looking
across the Moat towards the
castle.
Which may be on fire, or it
could be.
It could be clouds.
It's a.
Well, the grand castle
And there are.
Ohh ships, the originals flowing
for three of them.
Flying above with.
Guards with Spears on them.
Let me move on to the next one
and there's there's a paddle
boat full of.
Soldiers they gave with Spears
coming out through from the guy
from the gazelle into the boat.
And there are people on the
ramparts.
Looking down.
Whether they're coming to see
the capture the children, we
don't yet know, but it seems
likely.
Yep.
OK, now the children seem to
have lost the purple bird, but
they're looking at the map. The
girl is pointing to something on
the map that the boy is holding.
And in the background we've got.
The paddle steamer the paddle,
paddle, boat that the.
We saw come out from the castle
a minute ago that seems to be
sailing away on top of the
archway. There's three more
boats so there, whether that's
an aqueduct.
Possibly.
And they all have men with
Spears on top looking down at
the children.
And the.
There's a waterfall behind them.
Oh, they're purple bird. I found
this. Bottom right hand corner
is still there and the castles
got golden couplers on some of
the towers. It's all looking
rather grand. How many people in
evidence?
And then we get a close up of
the map.
Whether it's a treasure map or
not, we remains to be seen.
But there's like a circle.
With an island in the back of
with the.
Is it an island or peninsula
suddenly and inserts the boy is
pointing to looks like a Greek
temple underwater? Where maybe
the lost city of Atlantis
perhaps?
And then there are other circles
on with the management, one with
the palm tree.
The other one seems to be a
forest and.
No one seems to be the castle
they've now just just arrived
at.
Yeah, interesting to see what
happens next.
They're still now they're back
again, hiding behind their rock
as they were before the purple
birds taking flight. The three
boats that were on the aqueduct,
I think there's like, these are
the ones.
And they're pointing at the
children and making their way
towards them. In the distance
there are snow capped mountains.
Castle still looks grand. We're
looking at a slightly different
angle now.
And then we move over to the
next page from that.
The children seem to be
determined to.
Do something. Not sure what it
is.
The the bird is on the boy's
shoulder. The purple bird.
They said they'd be fist
bumping.
And now they they they found the
flippers somehow, and they've
now left into water. Off into
the water, off the rock, the
Purple Bird has turned into what
looks to be the.
Back end of an octopus was
jumped in the water with them.
Would you like me to? Yes,
please. Yeah. OK.
OK, it was an octopus was
probably the now swimming down
as well as flippers. They now
got Aqua lungs and and and and
diving helmets and . They're
being dragged down under the
water by this octopus. The
Purple bird is still there. He
doesn't have a.
Purple Bird might have his own
aqualung.
So all of them are going down,
down, down deep into the ocean
where we saw that inset on the
map of the.
The Greek.
Yeah, temple that's in ruin
underwater there's a shark
swimming around, 3 smaller fish,
a tower.
It looks a little bit like the
Roman Colosseum.
Surrounding all the buildings
and they're going down towards
this.
Next.
OK, right they they've arrived
down at the bottom of the.
Ocean amongst the ruined temple
there are fish swimming. There
are corals waving in the, in
the, in the, in the, in the, in
the current bubble. Bird with
his aqua lung is still there,
which is the good to see.
There's a mermaid to the statue
holding up part of the ruined
building.
And the children are going to
towards and have found.
Large seashell on the statue of
Seahorses.
And I think that would be the
next clue that if it is, we move
next to the.
I think the girl child is
tucking something into his
bandolier. The Boy child has its
map in his left hand and they're
both being.
Taken to safety by the purple
octopus with the bird in tow,
and they're being followed by 6.
Underwater.
Spear carrying flipper wearing
guards in pursuit of the of
bubbles.
Come and get the no no
background details.
So they're making their escape
until the next bit of the
adventure, I think.
OK, now arriving at a desert
island with palm trees.
Looks to be desired. The purple
bag is still there, which is
nice.
Possibly clouds, possibly
mountains in the background.
Small island with the larger
island behind it.
And the the children are making
their way into the island. The,
the, the, the they're getting
rid of the aqualungs and helmets
and making their way towards the
interior.
Well, now that.
Drawings and being on a.
Plain white background.
Which may be a.
A hill with a square on it. It
could even be an elephant or a
rhinoceros. I didn't know what
it going to turn out to be. The
boys still honing its map and
they've got a red, blue crayon.
And the gouge out as a red
crayon. Maybe it's crayons that
are in his bandelier and I don't
know.
They they're, they're intent on
doing that. And the purple bird
is sitting on the boy's
shoulder, still.
Next. There we go.
Now we move to.
Some castellations built into
the side of a hill and purple
rhinoceros with a.
Howda on its back, which might
have the two children inside it,
and they're going down a pathway
towards the building, through to
statues guarding the entrance.
It was like a jungle.
Maybe in the?
As tech sort of design of
building in the heading towards
this deserted.
Aztecs Temple was staircases
leading up through the pyramid
shaped.
Building on the next one we see.
Looking down into the Bay with
the.
Temple in the background next to
a Cliff with a rope bridge
leading to another small.
Island with a large pointy tower
on top and lots of.
Birds swimming and flying around
it.
Children are not in evidence.
I don't think.
No.
Next.
{OK, perfect. So that one is done
and I wanted to know what
happened.
Actually.
Yep, you still there's another
PowerPoint. So you do get to
keep finding out what happened.
I know we get.
Very.
Very interesting. OK, here's
the next one. OK.
And let me just.
The road bridge.
Ready.}
OK, so we're back
at the road bridge and then,
then, then the children are
running across it, the birds
swarming behind them, and the
purple bird is leading them
across this rather dilapidated
road bridge towards the.
Tower constructing sort of as
aztechie tower construction on
the bridge goes towards the top
end of the the the top of the
tower is illuminated or is a
flame, and the children are
running one of them's looking
over its shoulder. Maybe they
were being pursued.
From the from the island and the
the headland behind the old
Temple they were they were at
towards this new construction.
With the next stage of the
adventure will be.
And.
Right there at the very top of
the pointy tower, looking back
where they've come from and are
indeed guards with Spears coming
across the.
Rope bridge there with wooden
slats, some of which are missing
over the over the ocean.
And there's a waterfall behind
it and the jungle of behind
that.
The rope bridge stretches from
the Cliff face.
Towards the tower which has a.
An inscription like the plague
which may be.
Maybe a seashell on it I don't I
do not. Not sure, but both
children are there.
Looking back where they've come
from and the bird is there,
looking back and seeing the
their pursuers.
The next page is again is a
blank page.
And the children are drawing on
it, the boys doing a large
drawing, the girl doing a small
one.
Maybe that drawing the next
stage of their adventure, I
don't know. The bubble bird is
still sitting on his shoulder,
the boys drawing with a purple
crayon. The girl's drawing her.
Red box with one of her crayons
out of her bandolier.
Next.
OK, so now we've got a large
purple dragonfly, which is,
which is got a huge beast, and
it's rescuing the children from
the outstretched grasping
fingers of the.
God soldiers, one of which you
got to spare. They're trying to
grasp the children, but they
can't. They're being whisked
away.
On the end of rope that the
dragonfly is is towing and the
children are sitting on what
looks to be a swing attached to
it.
And the red, the the purple bird
is still there, sitting on the
boy's shoulder.
In the distance of the far
distance, in the background in
the sky are three balloons with
with guards in them, little
dirigible balloons.
And we have a mountain scene in
the distance with snowy capped
mountains and conifer trees,
then the edges of the slopes and
the water crashing against the
the lower reaches of the of the
hills.
Yep.
OK, so now they're being dropped
off the leaping off the swing.
Dragonflies flying away. It
seems to be snowing now and
there at the top of the
mountain, presumably one of the
mountains we could see in the
distance and the previous page.
The snow falling in the dark,
lowering the sky.
Freed originals with, with,
with, with them there was a boat
shaped in.
Flying machines with.
hot air balloons attached to
them and there are guards with
Spears.
Coming towards them the.
It's a ornamental statue atop
this mountain when the children
have been dropped off at the
very top of that and there's a.
Buddha type.
Figure or or or or or or
sculpture. The main part of this
this this building on top.
Purple. Purple bone is still
there. That's good. Lots of
other birds.
Flying around in the background
too. Then we get a close up of
the top of the statue and the
two children. The girl child are
looking quite pleased with
itself. The boy child holding
its map still. The girl child
got it's Bandelier with
differently colored crayons.
Is it purple one? a green one.
They don't know.
Beige colored one, yellow one,
an orange one and a red crayon.
The purple bird with the long
tail is still there maybe.
Looking to grasp the Bandelier
from the girl child.
Next. Next.
OK, the children are still the
top of the, the, the, the, the.
The tower and there are two of
these.
Boat shaped flying machines
with.
hot air bags above them, keeping
them afloat. There's got four
men in each one, though one of
them looks to be a king. He's
got a beard and a crown and a.
Goldens or the tunic?
And there are men with Spears.
And the leaning out to grasp the
purple bird which is flying away
with.
Something I can't identify in,
it's only in. In his talons this
seems to be a.
Shiny thing. It's the girl's
bandelier, that's what it is.
It's flying away with that, and
the guard has a golden cage to
capture the bird and capture it.
I think it'll probably escape.
And the next page shows a closer
view of one of these flying
machines with its spear carrying
guards in the metal uniforms
that the armour to smaller.
Flying machines in the
background. No evidence of
children in this next one.
Maybe they've escaped, but there
is snow
Falling in the distant mountains
and the high fells behind.
Yeah, now we got a Rainbow day.
The rainbow is easy.
So the rainbow seems to be
emanating from the purple bird
as he as he flies away and he's
coming back and hitting the top
of the the the tower structure
where the children are.
Holding on, it looks a bit like
a beehive, but it's now it's.
It's illuminated by the by the
rainbow.
Just as the flying machine with
his fellow with a crown on his
head is freaking his fist at the
escaping Purple bird.
And the other thing we see the
the castle in the background
what where their ships came out
of and.
We see also that the man that
the flying machine where the
fellow had a golden cage to
capture the purple bird in that
now has crashed and has
plummeted, all the ground
plummeting towards the ground
and the three soldiers have
fallen out of it.
The children seem to be safe and
smiling and.
Ready for the next page?
OK.
There we go. OK, right, more
rainbows. So we see the other
end of the rainbow. Now we see
the top left of the image. We
see the rainbow hitting the
children on top of the.
The the the mountain with the
with the towers, the sculpture.
And the other end we did the
most of the castle. Now the
other end of the rainbow is
illuminating a.
Saving the pad paddle boat,
which seems to have.
Normal non soldier people on
board but.
Against that, the purple bird
with the Bandelier in his grasp.
Is the either.
Caused cause the the sailing the
flying boat to a crash next to
this paddle boat and there's
someone holding up his hands
and.
Wonderment or supplication to
the to the rainbow and the
children at the other end of it.
The silver boat on the aqueduct.
And.
People falling from the sky all
over.
In in both images.
But everyone seems quite happy
in the paddle boat. Is is part
of the entertainment of
Disneyland.
Next.
Alright.
So he was. A double page spread
of the scene is the castle with
a rainbow superimposed above it.
Lots of people looking at people
on window ledges. The Purple
bird is in the middle of the
tree, flying around. Can't see
the children yet.
The purple dragonfly is that
everyone seems to be happy and
jolly. There's a purple
rhinoceros. The children are in
the back of the purple
rhinoceros.
The some sort of procession it
looks like.
I can see the end of it. Maybe
the purple octopus is there in
the in the in the, in the Moat.
That someone playing a band.
Whatever has happened has been a
good thing and they're all
celebrating it there.
The procession is going off
stage right till the next next
part of the adventure.
Where we see the wizard.
Be that he is.
The.
Purple octopus, the purple
rhinoceros, the purple bird, the
purple dragonfly, the children
all gathered all heavy. All.
Whatever the mission was,
they've accomplished it and
they're very happy about it.
Do like the purple rhinoceros
and then the next phase we see
the king or the wizard rather
waving goodbye to the children,
crowning the boy child. Go
crowning both of them and.
Thanking them for their help and
assistance, they're going back
through the magic door that they
came.
They went into earlier on.
So I think their adventure is
done. I think the purple bird is
going with them though.
And indeed, that's it. Yes,
they're coming out through the,
through the magic doors, under
the, under the.
Under the bridge and looking
there was a cityscape.
Park City Park. Looking at the
skyscrapers in the distance,
Purple Bird has come with them,
with the children. They're back
in the real world but still
wearing their golden crowns.
The end of, I think. #END_quest
Yeah, you do, you lovely.
Let's see what's next.
Ohh let me download it.
So, so while that's
downloading, I mean is this the
idea that you have someone with
aphasia to?
Do what I've just done and then
see what the disparity is
between A and. See like what
kind of words yeah, we're
looking at just like like we
said before, just want to make
sure that.
Like we were saying before,
just to see what.
Neurotypical people are saying
and then just comparing it and
seeing. So we're trying to make
a naming discourse treatment. So
the idea is that we use these
same stories that we're showing
you and we use them as part of
treatment. So we're just seeing
what words come up the most, see
what we're we're training.
Interesting, interesting.
So next we have.
OK.
Well, I have to go into this
locker.
OK, download.
This one is also really pretty
well done.
This is the same author, isn't
it?
I think, yeah, I think this is
the same author.
So like like the other ones
we've had so far, just a short
story. So just describe what you
see.
#START_return Well, we got a
double page spread. It looks to
be a.
Cut through all the buildings,
showing the rooms within,
exposing the rooms within a.
City building.
The traffic light on red on the
left hand side and a one way
street sign.
And some distant buildings in
silhouette in the background.
We're looking inside this
building.
Where we have a an architect,
perhaps a draftsman, in his
room, working hard at his desk
with a lamp illuminating his
his, his angle table he's
working on. He's wearing shorts,
and there's a kite flying in
through the window.
The next room is a hallway.
There's a staircase coming up
from the ground floor.
To this landing area there are
pictures on the walls. Comfy
chair.
And in the next room or that,
yeah, in the next room, there's
a cat, asleep on her bed.
The only thing in the room. I
can't see what's behind that.
Hang on, let me move the.
There you go. Ohh and and and
and and the bathroom.
Off behind that, nothing
exciting happening in the on the
ground floor we have.
An entrance where he's showing
the.
Bottom of this cell is two sets
of stairs.
Anyway, there's an old. It seems
to be very old fashioned sort of
building.
A coat stand with a cap on tops
and little pictures on the wall.
Hideous wallpaper. And then
there's a kitchen with.
Cupboards and things on top and
the sink drawers and a stove.
More stairs. It could be this
could be the servants back
stairs going up to the first
floor.
And another bedroom on the
ground floor, bedroom where we
have a map on the wall.
And the window and a bed. And
the boy with a with a crown on
his head. Whether it's the same
boy from the previous story, I
hope so. He's.
Drawing a doorway onto the wall
with a red crayon. There's also
a basement area underneath where
the central heating system is,
presumably.
When I was speaking, the boy
with the crown his.
Drawing a portal into the next
stage of the adventure.
OK.
So we see the architect looking
over his shoulder from working
at his drafting desk, and
there's a kite that we mentioned
earlier is now on the floor. So
he gets off his chair, goes and
picks up the kite and he's
pondering, why is this kite
here? And then we see that he's
gone, he's left the image, the
kite remains, his chair remains,
and his desk remains.
With the architect, draftsman
has gone.
We see him now.
Looking through a doorway with a
red door, which appears to be
the room that the boy was
drawing. Doorway on the wall
earlier because there's a map of
the world on the wall on a
window looking at on the city.
withThe a man  the beard is now
bend over so he can look through
the now open doorway into the
the next page.
Which is a.
Forests sort of setting with
those stream throwing through
the middle with a with a with a
landing pier.
And the doorway?
Opens up, opens out from the
base of a tree, so he's left a
room inside. The tree has come
out into the forest. He's
looking pretty startled by this.
He's wearing his pair of shorts.
And there are.
Lamps, lanterns hanging from the
trees and the string of lights.
Like Christmas decorations?
We see on the, the, the, the,
the.
Landing stage, there's a red.
Ball. Perhaps it's a ball. I
don't know.
With with he's, guiding his arm
on to the next page.
Well, it is a ball the the, the
the fellow was picked up the
ball.
Standing the edges, the edges
here, and it's a small river or
stream, it seems to be man-made,
coming through the trees, and
there are still the the lanterns
hanging from the trees and
there's a boat is coming along
with it as a.
Carved figurehead of a not just
entirely sure what it is. It's
got big ears and long nose and
it's empty and it's coming
towards the man with the ball.
Who?
Jumps aboard.
And the boat?
Takes him away towards the next
page. He's holding the ball and
he's.
Now arrived at the.
It looks like the castle we had
in the previous story. He's
arrived at the castle along the
Moat that we had before. It's a
paddle boat. There's some sort
of cog mechanism. He's got the
ball under his left arm and he's
peering, shielding his eyes,
looking up at this.
Magnificent castle city with
towers and.
Flags no people in evidence.
Then we see he now goes from
that moat like thing. He's now
above and he's on an aqua the
aqueduct, getting further into
the city.
The moon is.
Full and there are stars, and
the moon is reflected off the.
Of the wider Moat.
Says as he goes further into the
city. There's a there's an
illuminated pagoda sort of
building that he might be going
towards.
Right, well, he leaps off the
boat now, waving.
I left the Red Ball behind.
And there are people around and
and watching the band there with
trumpets and in the band, band
band players in in uniform.
And he's running towards the
illuminated pagoda, where there
is the purple bird again, yay.
And the king and the small boy,
possibly the the girl child and
the boy child. The girl child
may well be wearing.
Golden crowns.
We move on to the next page
where the king oh, no, no, no,
sorry, go back.
The the next page of those two
and the king is the greeting
the, the, the, the the bearded
man who may have been an
architect and.
Looking at it.
Double seated throne or triple
seated throne.
the girl child crossed its arms
and it seems to be saying no,
and the boy child is looking a
little bit upset about life. The
king is bearded with the Golden
crown. Only the two children
have golden crowns also.
The king is now wearing the
bandolier with the crayons stuck
into it.
And the bearded man is, is, is.
Coming towards them. Not
entirely sure what his
expression is. Is is is telling
us. OK, we'll find out next
page.
Whether all the king, the two
children, the bearded man on a
looking back towards the city,
the castle city, where there's.
That was all a great journal man
type creature.
Coming towards them and he's
getting off the boat, almost
robotic.
tAnd the paddle boa is still
there. There are stars out at
night and.
Then we see that there are a
whole number of armed.
Soldiers coming out of the front
end of the boat that the boy
with the bearded man was on, and
it's something like a Trojan
horse Trojan boat. And they're
coming out through a secret door
or the front of the boat with
with Spears and coming towards
the king who's standing between
the children and the bearded men
and defending them against the
the supposed attackers. And the
king has got something shiny and
glowing in his right hand and
he's holding it out.
That as as a defense, perhaps,
or an attack weapon? We'll we'll
find out on the next page.
Still don't know what it is? You
could.
Anyway, the the king is
protecting the children from the
bearded man. He's halfway down
the staircase, and the children
are behind him, the top of the
staircase.
And there are these three.
I supposed attackers one of them
seems to have a.
Clockwork helmet. There's
something sticking out of and
and a wind up gizmo in his hand
and maybe a weapon or maybe not
the king looks to be.
Telling them to stay, you can,
you cannot. You can go no
further.
Makes a sword. It's a sword that
he's got. He's he's conjured a
sword and of one of his magic
crayons out of his bandolier,
and he's.
Fending off the tagging person
with his wind up gizmo, which
seems to be attracting the magic
crayons out of the bandolier,
and they're being sucked into
this this.
It looks a bit like a coffee
grinder, really, but.
He's now.
Divested the king of his, of
his, of his, of his magic
crayons, and now the man with
the coffee grinder is running
away.
Towards the next
page.
{Ohh, and then there's this.
There's a second slideshow to
this one.}
OK, right. So now we see.
A man with a
coffee grinder. I don't really
know what it would call it, the
coffee grinder. And then with
the both children and the
bearded.
Man and the boy child children
who were in their golden crown,
still king, is nowhere in
evidence. The boy child is now
using a purple crayon to Draw
Something it might or might not
have a wing attached. And then
we look at their next page. Hang
on. No, no, no, don't turn over.
And we've got to a flying horse
a where are they?
Griffins or something. And magic
bees it again. That's purple and
it's it's it's shown with the
full moon behind it. Now it's
making its escape over the sea,
away from the castle.
With the.
Children and the man with the
beard safely aboard, looking
back towards someone with an
outstretched hand saying no, no,
no, no, you've escaped.
But what have they gone to next
page?
OK, let me move this.
So the next page we have them
flying away on the magic beast
of the bearded man, the two
children, and also the purple
bird.
Uh.
The boy appears to have dropped
something. I don't know what it
is, but in in pursuit the the
the boat with the the Trojan
Horse boat now seems to be
flying after them in pursuit.
And we see that above the Castle
and there are three guards in
the.
Man that stole the bandolier,
he's now wearing it, and they're
following the children as they
make their escape.
Over the sea.
OK, what's happening here? Right
the.
He thinks that the king is on
the back of the boat that was in
pursuit, and he's.
Somehow the boy child has fallen
out of the of the fallen off the
the magical creature, and he's
being saved by the king leaning
over the side of the.
Trojan boat turned into flying
machine and over the sides and
the the the the man that stole
the coffee grinder is at the bow
of the boat and he's.
Empty out of his coffee grinder.
Lots of feathers, so I hope he
hasn't.
Destroyed the purple bird. It
seems a bit sad if he has.
And then we also see the girl
child has lost her crown and is
falling through the air holding
on to the bearded man. But the
girl child still has a red
crayon in her hand and also she
has the purple bird under her
arms and the bird is quite safe.
So I don't know where all these
purple feathers have come from.
The Purple Bird is is safe.
For now.
And they fallen from the sky.
They now fallen underwater.
There are fishes and underwater
mountains and.
The boys crown has fallen off
and it's and it's, it's, it's
sinking to the bottom of the
sea.
And the bearded man, and the boy
is thinking, thou are the golden
fish swimming around.
But me as the boy is falling
with the purple bird of the
bearded man. He's drawing
something with his red crayon on
a on a white background. So.
We'll see what that is that he's
drawing on the next page.
OK, so the first half of the
image.
Is the underwater scene with
coral reefs, coral reefs and no
fishes? Nothing obvious in that,
just the.
Is the the landscape of the
seascape underwater?
With the waves above and the
island above below, there's
nothing apparent above from
coral the next half of the.
Screen we see what the boy has
drawn and it was a red
submarine.
And he's looking through the
Periscope and the bearded man
is.
Down below, maybe operating the
submarine and the Purple bird is
in the front of the submarine,
looking out to see where they're
going.
And where they're going is a
cave.
Well, the submarine is now
stopped, and the bearded man and
the boy in the purple bird of
Got out and they're looking
around The Cave and there are.
Inscriptions on the petroglyphs
on on on The Cave walls there.
Images of people and.
Uh, a little bit small big stick
stick people stick stick
drawings.
And they seem to be.
Well, the the the.
The man and the boy and the bird
have disappeared from the next
screen, so we just got the
images on the on the wall like.
Stone Age Cavemen drawings.
We'll find out what happens
next.
OK, the man and the boy and the
purple bird are now in The Cave
proper, and the boy is pointing.
To some images on the wall and
one of them shows one of these
stick people.
Emptying.
Pot of something, and then
another stick person holding a
shiny object in his hand.
And there's a small mysterious
doorway which I think we'll
figure next. But if we look at
the other direction, we see the
out of the cave back into the
wider world and is now daylight.
And you see a seascape and
distant hills, and they.
Pebbly beach.
But no people.
Always we do. We maybe we see a
shadow on the wall.
Or what might be it could be a
dinosaur shadow.
Maybe not. Maybe it's just me.
We'll find out on the next page.
It isn't the dinosaur, it's a
shadow of the pursuing boat.
Which has big ears and and and
the face and the. The pursuers
have caught up with the bearded
man, and the boy and the purple
bird are hiding, hiding behind a
pillar.
But there are still the the Old
Stone Age graffiti on the wall.
And then we look over to the
next part of the screen. We see
the bearded man and the girl
child.
The purple bird and the bearded
man now has the crayon.
And he's drawing something. He's
drawing a doorway and hung the.
Bird.
From the top of the doorway on
its perch and the girl child is
scratching its head, saying, I
wonder what this is going to
produce.
We'll find out on the next page.
And they he's drawn like he's
would become.
Garden.
There's a mini pagoda. I
forgotten the word for what
these buildings are called, and
the is a girl child, not the boy
child. And the bearded man are
hiding behind the pillar. The
Purple bird is on its swing in
this.
Large cage and the man with the
coffee grinder is trying to suck
in the bird into that
contraption. He's running
towards it. And then.
They did bearded man the girl
child are hiding from him.
Now we see the.
Man with the coffee grinder has
captured the bird.
But he's dropped the coffee
grinder and the bearded man has
found it picked up and it's
about to dash into the ground.
And the coffee grinder man is.
Captured inside the cage.
Go.
Well, there's a big explosion
and lots of sparks and.
Blue-green and purple lights and
stars and flashes and explosions
as the bearded man breaks the
coffee grinding machine and the
coffee grinder man is imprisoned
in the in the cage.
The.
Purple Bird is coming out of the
out of the explosion and
reforming itself as a creature
again. And then we see.
The Trojan boat with the
pursuers aboard, they're looking
in anguish. What's going on?
Holding their hands up against
the bright lights and the king
has reappeared. And the bright
lights with the boy child when
they're both wearing their
crowns. And the purple dragonfly
is there, and there are other
dragonflies and butterflies and
everything is.
That really is good. The the
posturers of thrown down their
Spears and.
Looking vanquished.
Next.
And here we see the from the
inside of The Cave looking out.
The.
Large.
The Griffin is back and he's
taking away the cage with
flanked by lots of multicoloured
smaller birds and they're all
flowing out of The Cave and
that's causing the larger bird
out into the distance. On the
sea we see the Trojan boat going
away and the purple octopus is
is escorting it or towing it
back out to sea.
The king and the boy child was
standing. The King has his arm
on the boy child's shoulder and
the Purple Bird is sitting on
the king shoulder.
The bearded man is.
Holding the girl, child or the
on on her shoulder, they're all
looking at each other, looking
very pleased with themselves.
And then the next image shows
the girl child hugging the
bearded man who has a purple
crayon in his in his in his
shirt pocket.
And the king and the boy child,
and the purple bird
King and the boy child. They
were in the golden crowns.
They're standing a little way
off.
Looking at what's going on with
the girl child, and behind them
and the bearded man is that
small doorway in The Cave we saw
earlier, but now it's slightly
ajar, perhaps leading to the
next adventure.
Which indeed leads us back to
the cityscape where we first
started, and we see the building
where we where we where we saw
the the characters initially.
Empty of the people, but the red
kite is now flying outside the
building where it all started.
No people in evidence.
#END_return Is it?
Hey, would you like to take
it?
Yes, that's the end of that
one. Would you like to take a
break? Yes, please. OK.
Deep.
OK.
And so you were about to see a
complex scene. So imagine you
were describing the scene to
someone who cannot see the
picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see in
this scene and be as thorough as
possible. Please try to take
roughly 3 to 5 minutes to
describe the scene so I will
stop sharing my screen and.
Was doing before rather than
telling a story. I'm sorry. Ohh
no you forgot you were telling
the story. I'm just gonna pull
up the first scene.
OK. And now I will share it.
Ohh I already had it up.
No I don't have it. Ohh no I'm
not like.
Yeah, you're good.
Ohh my.
OK, it is complex isn't it? Lots
going on in this one.
Are you ready? Yep. OK.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo OK,
this is a very busy scene and
it's called escape from the zoo
and the.
Description is the Penguins were
bored with life at the zoo, so
they hatched a plan to escape
from their enclosure.
Enjoying the newfound freedom,
completely unaware of the chaos
they have created around them.
Spike loves skateboarding, and
Muffy cannot believe that ice
cream cones taste so good.
Presumably that's the name of
the Penguins.
Can I pick out all 10 Penguins
and I don't know. We'll have a
go.
First of all, describing the
scene, it's the City's Zoo. You
can see the buildings in the
background, there's a number of
enclosures we can see and
walkways between them and people
and lots of animals, all in the
wrong place it seems that we
have.
We have polar bears waving at
people. Something odd in a tree.
There's a.
Cross Eyed Bird is an EMU or
some description. Lemurs,
ringtail lemurs and trade their
cross eyed too.
Zebra. Zebra.
Spoonbills, flamingos, the child
in her pram and.
Man with a fishing net. I can't
see any any Penguins yet, though
there's a Penguin in an airplane
being pursued by a parrot.
Monkeys in the tree here, and
that's it. And the gorilla.
On a on a Cliff face, behind the
trees, there's a shop with a
that might be another Penguin on
the roof.
Bull headed eagle.
Cafe has a.
The toucan on its roof. People
looking in the window on a on,
aware of what's going on there.
I think they're buying tickets
to the to the zoo. They don't
know what's happening behind
them. More people with
strollers. Giraffe again. Cross
eyed. 2 Giraffes cross eyed.
A rhinoceros scattering people
he runs down the main
thoroughfare hippopotamus.
Hippopotamus in the river with
the with the with the flamingos.
There's a lion.
Looking down from up high,
licking his lips and the Gopher.
Peering up out of his hole. I've
only seen one Penguin so far.
Looking for a Penguin? Now polar
bears are having fun.
The.
Man looking into the polar bear
enclosure, but there's nothing
in it that he could. His hands
in his pocket, looking very
disdainful. There are no polar
bears the kangaroo behind him.
Large ice cream cone vendor
someone buying an ice cream
doesn't care about the
excitement behind him.
Someone feeding a bag of buns
to.
Hyenas.
Uh, what else have we got?
Such a lot going on.
Well, if there are 10 Penguins
in here, nine of them are very,
very sneaky. I can't find them
at all.
Absolute, absolute chaos.
I want a Peacock.
The Penguin hiding in the in the
in the in the display of the
Peacock display that we found
two Penguins.
Yeah, I think, I think, I think.
I think there are only two. I
think. I think there was, there
was false saying there were ten
of them. We've we could, if
there are eight of them, are
very good at hiding themselves.
I think that's the scene. It's
it's absolute mayhem, the centre
of a city zoo.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo OK.
Perfect. And now?
I found six I couldn't find.
No, I I, I actually, I think
I've only seen this one once,
but that was the first time I've
looked for them. Let's see what
we have next. So the.
See escape from zoo.
And now we have.
I'm going.
OK, we get another one like
this. We get another complex
scene.
With Penguins.
I don't know. We'll see what we
have. Let's download this one.
Alright.
This one is called unfriendly
giants.
And.
There we go.
Again, it is complex.
#START_unfriendly_giants Are we
ready? OK, it's titled the
unfriendly giants. {Then Waldo
and wizard. White beard came to
the land of the unfriendly
giants, where many waldos had
been before. And Waldo saw that
the Giants were horribly
harassing the little people, and
when he found the 10th scroll,
it was time to continue with his
journey. OK.}
So we can see.
Lots of giants, there's one, too
many to count and creating
mayhem. One of them, swiping the
sails of a windmill is seems to
be garbled or wooden.
Cut out figures of of the people
quite large, as big as the
Giants females.
And the Giants are.
Approaching them amorously, one
giant's got a good people tucked
into his belt.
Another one is playing chess
with miniature with with with
with people instead of chess
pieces.
Another one is bashing.
Small people.
What I'm trying there's such a
lot going on it's it's difficult
to to concentrate on just one.
one one Giants are now scaling
the castle and doing and.
Which is isn't helping, isn't
doing, isn't much of a defense.
Another giant has people stuck
in its belt. It must be that's
the way the way they keep them
prisoners.
There's this small farm building
with people tied to it.
Another giant is tying people to
another building and process of
lassoing them to the building.
Yeah, I don't see any scrolls. I
don't know. I don't know. He's
talking about 10 scrolls. I
can't see any scrolls. There's a
there's a siege engine that
yeah, the the people have been
trying to defend themselves
against the giants with them.
One of those held a stone is
bounced off a giant head and
killed some people and.
John is Backhanding a swarm of
attacking people with Spears.
The other giants using straws to
suck the village pond dry.
There's a large ohh I see the
the, the, the wooden structures
of giant females are traps for
the the people have constructed
to defend themselves against the
giants. The Giants are making
amorous advances to these wooden
structures, and in fact they're
just disguising large mallets
behind in an attempt to to hit
the giants. But it's not having
any effect at all. People are
woefully inadequate against
these.
The the marauding giants.
No, I don't hold out much hope
for the small people against the
giants. The Giants don't seem to
be very intelligent.
They didn't appear to be cross
eyed this time, which was
something.
There's one giant presenting a
wooden figurine with a.
bouquet of flowers? Which is in
effect a tree? In, in, in, in.
Red leaf.
#END_unfriendly_giants That I
don't I can get from this.
Perfect.
let's see if we can.
Giants.
Another we have another complex
scene.
Yes we do the wild, Wild West.
Are we ready?
Yes. You can begin whenever
you're ready. #START_wild_west {OK, I'll read.
I'll read the words. The wild,
Wild West.
Waldo watches, have you ever
seen such a wild, wild Western?
Here comes the wagon train
steaming into town. The gold
rush is on, and the cowboy is
riding off into the sunset. With
so much action, so much
excitement, I wonder if the real
Wild West was as bright and
colorful as this. I suspect not.}
I think it was all covered in
mud, but we have a a while.
There are there are two.
Pages of images on here of.
Presumably either side of the
main town street.
There's a lot of saloons and
evidence, and for most of the
build all the buildings seem to
be saloons.
Hundreds of people milling
around having a.
Enjoyable time. I think most of
them are probably drunk.
There's a man on a cowboy and a
horse back leaving through a
poster into the sunset.
The blacksmith shoeing horses.
The Pioneer saloon is.
People on the bank, robbers
escaping with bags of cash.
Or going into the saloon, there
is people running up and down
staircases.
There is a Stagecoach is a.
Puffing Billy Steam train
heading towards the Stagecoach.
The jails and with the sheriffs
standing outside it with its
wanted posters.
Horse standing on his hind legs,
looking at a image of a wagon
cart.
Pictures of Buffalo?  not Sure
Quite why they are there?
they look like postage stamps.
The gold mines off to one side
of the of the image.
There's a graveyard in front of
the blacksmith shop. There's.
Ladder going to the livery
unstable is that.
Then 123.
4567.
8 at least 8 saloons that have
12 buildings.
That's why it was why one
suddenly one bank may be more
than one.
There are very few black hats.
Everyone seems to be wearing a
white hat white Stetson.
Or most of them.
The wagon train arriving all.
The canvas heavily repaired
after its travel.
People are painting the walls of
the saloon or red from yellow.
No, I can't actually see a theme
to this. There's just a lot of
confusion.
The shootout.
I think.
No, maybe, maybe not.
Other than a confusing great
amount of.
Hullabaloo is difficult to find
a theme, though. There's there's
there's a band lived under ones
of them.
Probably a mariachi band,
usually.
More people escaping with with
bags of gold from one saloon
towards another, with a man with
his gun raised following them.
#END_wild_west I don't know that
I can get much more out of this
to be honest.
OK.
So we got through a lot today
and.
Uh.
Here, let me just.